---
title: 'The Easy Way Or The Right Way'
date: 2019-02-09
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-6/
tags:
  - OpenAI
---

# OpenAI : Machine Learning Researcher

As a researcher at OpenAI, you'll be tasked with developing machine learning techniques and applying them at scale to our projects. 

### Requirements:
 * Track record of coming up with new ideas in machine learning, as demonstrated by one or more first author publications or projects
 * Past experience in creating high-performance implementations of deep learning algorithms (optional)

### OpenAI has a number of open roles for researchers. Example teams include:

* Robotics: while working towards breakthroughs in robotic manipulation, develop novel techniques for reinforcement learning and imitation learning.
* Basic research: develop new and improved methods for generative models and unsupervised learning, reinforcement learning, evolutionary algorithms, and metalearning.
* Safety: enable humans to guide AI agents towards achieving difficult-to-specify goals; work on bringing humans into the training process of advanced agents; investigate the failure modes existing machine learning techniques and develop defenses against them.

In all cases, you should be motivated by a desire to solve the **most important problems** and obtain unprecedented results, rather than producing yet another paper. You should be eager to push your methods to their maximal performance, rather than being satisfied with toy tasks and proofs of principle.
About OpenAI

We’re building safe Artificial General Intelligence (AGI), and ensuring it leads to a good outcome for humans. We believe that unreasonably great results are best delivered by a highly creative group working in concert.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
