---
title: 'About 1st PhD Year'
date: 2019-07-03
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-18/
tags:
  - PhD
  - Research
---

The beautiful and mild senario is never too late to come.


After receiving the 1st paper rejection letter, my brain can't help thinking like a torque with unlimited electric power.

Here are my questions.

1. Why this paper is rejected?

  Well, I still can't believe this paper should be rejected with review scores: 2, 1, 0. The boardline review points out the comparitive experiments are unfair because the compared models are not refered in a Table(but we clarify these papers are refered in baseline description), it is telling me 'MY CARELESSNESS' is the paper killer. I guess they just find some reasons to reject it without any constructive suggestion, so I still can't accept the rejection.
  
  In a word, I reject the rejection.
  
2. Why not shift to a hot research point?

  I think the world remains peaceful because there are always people doing arduous things, otherwise robbers and killers should be anywhere hhh. After participating in some global competitions and completing a project, I believe valuable things are never popular to crowd because they are too hard to solve in limited lifetime, but I ENJOY IT.

3. Why PhD?

  I believe my research can prompt the process of computer vision, I have a normal(maybe not smart) brain, a computer, a high speed network, a healthy body, a passionate research mind, the only two things I don't have are FREEDOM and TIME. 
  
  Anyway, though the first year is by no means satisfying, I am ready for the next 4 years.
  
  
With regards to every brave PhDs.
